add writeup for June (#172)
remotehack/remotehack.github.io: _hacks/27.md

---
hack_number: 27
date: 2022-06-25
---

A very nice sunny day, and people showed up anyway.

![the remote hackers being amazed by Adam's giganto headphones](/images/June-2022-plus-headphones.png)

## Things people did

- **Joe** started getting data from his smart meter, and turns out the Dutch energy company is sending him texts.
- **Ben** and **Ryan** did some obscure thing with XSLT, and nobody really knows why, but they had a smashing time doing it. I guess we'll just have to listen to the podcast!
- **Ruth** got a new puppy, and was well busy with that.
- **Adam** got pulled into some long overdue housework, and that's why he wasn't around when Ben and Ryan were doing the XSLT stuff, but then later, as he was writing up this document, he actually read the threads in discord and realised it was some cool Augmented Reality stuff, so is now a big fan. He also made the world's biggest foam headphones (as shown in the pic above).

> - **Hugh** discussed some PRs that he had been working on, but again, Adam wasn't around for the beginning of the day, so there may be something more substantive that got lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hugh** discussed some PRs that he had been working on, and [hacked the Irish government (benevolently and with permission, legally, please don't come for him, Irish GCHQ)](https://oireachtas.vercel.app/)
```
